## Package: dw.object

# Class CustomAttributes

## Inheritance Hierarchy

- Object
  - dw.object.CustomAttributes

## Description

This class is used together with other classes that contain custom attributes and is used to read and write these attributes. The actual attributes are accessible as ECMA properties. The syntax for setting and retrieving the value of a custom attribute depends upon the type of the attribute. An exception will be thrown, if the wrong syntax is used to set an individual attribute. The following script examples demonstrate how to work with custom attributes. Suppose we have an ExtensibleObject named "eo" possessing attributes of all the different types supported by the Commerce Cloud Digital metadata system. The following script snippet shows that setting single-valued attributes is simply a matter of using the assignment operator and standard ECMA primitives and built-in types: // attribute of value type 'Boolean' eo.custom.bvalue = true; var b : Boolean = eo.custom.bvalue; // attribute of value type 'Integer' eo.custom.ivalue = 10; var i : Number = eo.custom.ivalue; // attribute of value type 'Number' eo.custom.dvalue = 99.99; var d : Number = eo.custom.dvalue; // attribute of value type 'String' eo.custom.svalue = "String1"; var s : String = eo.custom.svalue; // attribute of value type 'Email' eo.custom.emailvalue = "email@demandware.com"; var e : String = eo.custom.emailvalue; // attribute of value type 'Text' eo.custom.tvalue = "laaaaaaaaaaaarge text"; var t : String = eo.custom.tvalue; // attribute of value type 'Date' eo.custom.dtvalue = new Date; var date : Date = eo.custom.dtvalue; Retrieving multi-value attributes and working with Java-backed arrays Multi-value attributes return Java-backed arrays, which contain copies of the internal data. In contrast to native JavaScript arrays, a Java-backed array behaves differently in the following ways: Array.isArray( javaBackedArray ) will return false. If you want to do something based on the value type, use javaBackedArray instanceof Array instead. Adding to or removing elements from a Java-backed array is not supported. You need to create a new native JavaScript array based on the Java-backed array, e.g. with Array.from( javaBackedArray ) and do the modifications there. var setofstring : Array = eo.custom.setofstringvalue; if( Array.isArray( setofstring ) ) // returns false { // this will never be reached, since setofstring is a Java-backed array and not a native JavaScript array } if( setofstring instanceof Array ) // returns true { // this will be reached, since setofstring is a Java-backed array } Updating multi-value attributes Retrieved data from a multi-value attribute returns a Java-backed array, which contains a copy of the internal data, so changes made to the Java-backed array do not affect the multi-value attribute. To update the multi-value attribute (e.g. adding a new element), it needs to be reassigned. // retrieve a Java-backed array and convert it to a native JavaScript array var setofstring : Array = eo.custom.setofstringvalue; var newValue = Array.from( setofstring ); // add new element newValue.append( "new element" ); // reassign the new array to the multi-value attribute to persist the change eo.custom.setofstringvalue = newValue; If you only want to change individual elements without appending or removing elements from the Java-backed array, you may even modify it directly. // retrieve a Java-backed array var setofstring : Array = eo.custom.setofstringvalue; // change individual element setofstring[0] = "updated element"; // reassign the array to the multi-value attribute to persist the change eo.custom.setofstringvalue = setofstring; Set-of attributes and enum-of attributes Set-of attributes and enum-of attributes are handled in a very similar manner. The chief difference is that enum-of attributes are limited to a prescribed set of value definitions whereas set-of attributes are open-ended. Furthermore, each value in an enum-of attribute has a value and a display name which affects the retrieval logic. // attribute of value type 'Set of String' // set the attribute value only if it hasn't been already set if( !('setofstringvalue' in eo.custom) ) { eo.custom.setofstringvalue = new Array("abc","def","ghi"); } // returns an Array of String instances var setofstring : Array = eo.custom.setofstringvalue; var s1 : String = setofstring[0]; var s2 : String = setofstring[1]; var s3 : String = setofstring[2]; // attribute of value type 'Enum of Integer' with multi-value handling eo.custom.enumofintmultivalue = new Array(1, 2, 3); // returns an Array of EnumValue instances var enumofintmulti : Array = eo.custom.enumofintmultivalue; var value1 : Number = enumofintmulti[0].getValue(); var displayvalue1 : String = enumofintmulti[0].getDisplayValue(); var value2 : Number = enumofintmulti[1].getValue(); var displayvalue2 : String = enumofintmulti[1].getDisplayValue(); var value3 : Number = enumofintmulti[2].getValue(); var displayvalue3 : String = enumofintmulti[2].getDisplayValue(); For further details on the Commerce Cloud Digital attribute system, see the core Commerce Cloud Digital documentation.

## Constructor Summary

## Method Summary